Generating Random Datasets With Trumania (#7309)
section-engineering-education/engineering-education: content/articles/generating-random-datasets-with-trumania/index.md

### Generating inter-related data with Trumania
In this section, we will look at different scenarios that will read to interrelated data. We can have a scenario whereby people may be communicating with each other through messages. 

The outcome of the communication will lead to the emergence of datasets that will be the time series of the messages exchanged between the people.

#### Ways in which interrelated data can be generated
- Developing a trumania circus, the word in which the scenario will execute.
- Addition of relationship to Agents and assign them their favorite quotes. It will be used to make the content of the messages.
- Creating time parameters of the story results in a more realistic distribution of the messages throughout the given time.
- Addition of other relationships to define a social network.

We will have a better understanding in the next section.

### Creating a Trumania circus
A circus is a data generator that is used to control and monitor processes and sockets. It can be driven in the web interface, python API, and command-line interface.

#### How to create a circus

> A trumania circus is created using the simple steps as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A trumania circus is created using the code below:
```

Author: working on it
